docs: Update development documentation (#202)
hpi-swa/trufflesqueak: docs/development.md

Using the `trufflesqueak-jvm` environment file ensures that the Graal compiler
is built with TruffleSqueak and enabled by default.
For this, however, you must use a JVMCI-enabled JDK, such as the
[JDK11-based LabsJDK][labsjdk]. Use `mx fetch-sdk` to download the LabsJDK.

## Development With Other GraalVM Languages

> If you need access to other GraalVM languages during development, there are one option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need access to other GraalVM languages during development, there is currently only one option remaining as the prior available [GraalVM Updater `gu`](https://github.com/oracle/graal/blob/master/docs/reference-manual/graalvm-updater.md) was removed in the GraalVM Release for JDK21.
```

Author: Thank you! 😇

> You build TruffleSqueak and other languages from source. For this, please refer to the [instructions for building custom GraalVM distributions][graalvm_vm_readme]. As an example, here is how to build a GraalVM with the Graal compiler, TruffleSqueak and GraalVM's Node.js runtime:

Reviewer 2: The patch is unfortunately permanent (we most likely have one per graal branch).

```bash
cd trufflesqueak-build/
git clone git@github.com:oracle/graaljs.git # Clone graal language repository
cd graal/vm # Change to the GraalVM folder
mx --dy trufflesqueak,/graal-nodejs,/compiler build

> export GRAALVM_HOME=$(mx --dy trufflesqueak,/graal-nodejs,/compiler graalvm-home)

Reviewer: When trying out GraalPy we had issues with differing BouncyCastle library versions, which (at least) I fixed by locally changing the BouncyCastle related stuff in `mx.trufflesqueak/suite.py`. @antonykamp is this also sth. we should add here? 🙂
